TITLE: Packing up
LEVEL: 2
CHARS: 2529

As they packed up, Alex noticed melted chocolate in the car, realizing Dalia had been blamed unfairly, and Nancy joked that they now owed her an apology or at least a replacement.

With the weekend wrapping up, Orion reflected quietly on how good it had been, chaotic, exhausting, but worth every second. Nancy checked that everyone was ready to go and reminded him of their next big mission, joking about saving the world like it was just another errand. She teased him about the sauna, hinting that she knew more than she let on, and Orion could only laugh it off before sincerely thanking her for holding everything together. Nancy waved it away, explaining that she just wanted everyone, especially her daughters, to be happy. Orion promised to make it up to her next weekend, hinting at a surprise, and she happily accepted, reminding him that the best gestures did not always cost money.

Nearby, Alex helped with the bags, awkwardly reacting when Nancy told her she was family now and could call her Mom. Penny emerged, stiff and tired but satisfied, mentally justifying the mountain of luggage she had brought along. Dalia pulled her aside for a quiet moment and apologized for how she had acted over the past few weeks, admitting she had been jealous and unfair. Penny was surprised but softened, confessing she had handled things badly too and that she had missed her sister more than she wanted to admit. They forgave each other, agreeing they were back on solid ground, sisters first, always.
[[File:Dalia and Penny apologize to eachother .png|thumb|Dalia and Penny apologize to each other  ]]
After a pause, the conversation turned more serious. Dalia admitted she had been thinking a lot and did not want anyone to get hurt. Penny listened, then surprised her by agreeing that she was tired of fighting and cared more about everyone being honest and happy than about winning. They shared a laugh, proud of how grown up the conversation felt, although as they went back to packing the car, Dalia had to make it some sort of competition by saying she can take it harder then Penny can. Penny replied by saying she can take it dirtier then her. 

At last, Nancy called everyone back together, urging them to hit the road. There were schedules to keep, training sessions to make, shows to watch, and life waiting back home. Orion hustled to grab the last of the luggage as everyone piled on the playful pressure, and he laughed, telling them all to knock it off as the car finally filled and the weekend came to an end.
